docs(webhosting): migrate webhosting (#2148)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-services/webhosting/how-to/migrate-webhosting-to-scaleway.mdx

---
meta:

>   title: How to migrate a cPanel webhosting package to Scaleway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: How to migrate a cPanel web hosting package to Scaleway
```

>   description: This page explains how to migrate a cPanel webhosting package to Scaleway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page explains how to migrate a cPanel web hosting package to Scaleway.
```

content:

>   h1: How to migrate a cPanel webhosting package to Scaleway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  h1: How to migrate a cPanel web hosting package to Scaleway
```

>   paragraph: This page explains how to migrate a cPanel webhosting package to Scaleway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page explains how to migrate a cPanel web hosting package to Scaleway.
```

tags: webhosting
dates:
  validation: 2023-09-18
  posted: 2023-09-18
categories:
  - managed-services
---

You can now migrate your Dedibox Web Hosting Cloud (powered by cPanel) to our new web hosting service in the Scaleway ecosystem. Providing a user-friendly graphical interface for optimizing your web hosting management. By migrating to this new and improved platform, you will enjoy all the features included in your existing Dedibox **Web Hosting Cloud** package, along with the most recent updates and enhanced performance enhancements.

<Message type="important">
    Currently, the migration is only possible for users having a [Web Hosting Cloud (cPanel) plan](/dedibox-console/cpanel-hosting/quickstart/) in the Dedibox console. Users having a Web Hosting Classic plan will be able to migrate at a later point.
</Message>

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have a [Web Hosting Cloud (cPanel)](/dedibox-console/cpanel-hosting/quickstart/) plan in the Dedibox console
</Message>

> 1. Go to the [list of web hosting accounts](https://console.online.net/fr/mut/list) and select the web hosting you want to migrte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [list of web hosting accounts](https://console.online.net/fr/mut/list) and select the web hosting you want to migrate.
```

2. Click **Migrate** on the webhosting overwiew page. A pop-up displays.
3. Review the information regarding your web hosting and click **Migrate** to pre-fill the migration information in the Scaleway console. You are being redirected to the Scaleway console.

> 4. The migration information for your webhosting display. Verify that you are in the [destination project](/console/my-project/quickstart/) for your hosting. Then click **Migrate your Web Hosting**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The migration information for your web hosting display. Verify that you are in the [destination project](/console/my-project/quickstart/) for your hosting. Then click **Migrate your Web Hosting**.
```

<Message type="important">
    At present, migration is exclusively available for users with a [Web Hosting Cloud (cPanel) plan](/dedibox-console/cpanel-hosting/quickstart/) in the Dedibox console. Users with a Web Hosting Classic plan will have the opportunity to migrate at a later time.
</Message>

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/)
  - You have a [Web Hosting Cloud (cPanel)](/dedibox-console/cpanel-hosting/quickstart/) plan in the Dedibox console
  - You are logged into the [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net/)
</Message>

<Message type="tip">
  We highly recommend utilizing our name servers for a seamless migration experience:
    * `ns1.whm.fr-par.scw.cloud.`
    * `ns2.whm.fr-par.scw.cloud.`
  
  If you are managing your DNS zone by yourself, you can locate all the necessary DNS pointers for configuration within the **DNS verification** tab of your Web Hosting in the Scaleway console.
</Message>

1. Go to the [list of web hosting accounts](https://console.online.net/en/mut/list) and select the web hosting you want to migrate.

> 2. Click **Migrate** on the web hosting overwiew. This action will trigger a pop-up to appear.

Reviewer 2: overview
